(upbeat music)
I think we can all agree that things were better under the Empire. fortunately I am
still here to protect you.
Your communities can thrive under my protection. you are the lucky few. but that which I provide
is expensive. and now I must maintain all of it without the Empire's support until the
galaxy realizes what they have lost and demand our return.
Long live the Empire.
Long live the M5!
Good.
Now for the bad news.
I am racing to tribute.
But your Excellency. we are operating at a loss.
The trade routes are plagued
with pirates and thieves ready to attack it.
Are you saying that my protection is lacking?
No. Your Excellency.
I am saying that...
Perhaps you should all go back to your townships and focus on solutions. not excuses.
Does that sound reasonable?
"Sounds like a perimeter alert. I'll confirm."
"I've lost contact."
"Go check it."
There's nothing to worry about.
I'll send for reinforcements.
Press play. Subtitles appear.
200+ languages. One app:  tryray.app
Lay down cover fire.
Take apart!
Long live the Empire!
What are you waiting for? Hop on!
on.
- They would get him. - Not yet. sir. But we will.
We missed him! He's under us!
We have him.
Fire.
. fire.
What's going on? Give me Stunner's report.
Has the target been eliminated?
I've lost contact.
Walker 3 is gone.
Send everybody!
Understood. Prepare to engage!
[GUNSHOTS]
(dramatic music)
- Give me status update.
Did you see him?
Have you located him?
Did you give him Mandalorian?
- Something's up there.
He's on the roof.
- Can you see him?
Take him out!
- Get up there!
- But we're pilots.
- Go now!
Do it!
- Yes. sir.
- Get up there!
Set the chargers.
Prepare for expel.
- Sir.
- He's breaching the hatch!
He's breaching the hatch!
(gun fires)
(dramatic music)
- Autopilot.
(gun fires)
(birds chirping)
I know. I know. I need to get the shot.
You know. it's better if you bring him in alive.
You okay?
You see. you catch the bad guy. and they tell us where the other bad guys are.
Things went a little sideways.
Good luck. you're gonna need it.
Messy. Very messy.
It was the best I could do under the circumstances.
The problem is we need information.
Without it. we're never going to get to the bottom of what the Empire is up to.
Just give me time. I'll take out every bad guy in your deck of cards.
This isn't about revenge. It's about preventing another war.
And protecting everything the rebellion fought for.
Does that mean I'm not getting paid for this one?
You're getting paid alright. Come with me.
Impressive. Where did you get one of these?
It was from a captured Imperial commandant who had a big collection of vintage vehicles.
This one is stock. Perfectly restored.
I took it out for a test spin.
They did a nice job on the rebuild.
This is worth a lot more than the bounty on that imp.
Well. let's call it an advance on the next mission.
What next mission?
Commander Coyne.
Our missing ace of staves.
No one knows what he looks like.
and most believe him to be dead.
Not a lot to go on.
What's the play?
I want you to go to Naohara and meet with the Huts.
They've agreed to lead us to him.
What's in it for them?
Their nephew is being held against his will
by another crime syndicate on the outer rim.
They need a professional to get him out quickly and quietly.
Where is he?
They'll only tell you in person.
You got a name?
His name is Rod of the Hut.
The only surviving heir of Crime Lord Job of the Hut.
You ever crossed his path?
I tried not to.
So. do we have a deal?
I only hunt down Imperial War criminals.
I don't work for gangsters anymore. especially the Huts.
That's right. You don't. You work for us.
And right now. this is what we need you to do.
You don't want the job.
I got nothing for you.
Come aboard.
May as well have a look around.
Let's go hear the hurts out. I'll even let you fly this time.
I didn't say yes.
You didn't say no either.
She's stuck. but she's clean.
Don't touch anything.
Never touch the buttons.
(thunder rumbling)
Razorcrest requesting clearance. I'm here by invitation of the twins.
Easy on the stakes. They're expecting us. We should be fine.
Clearance granted. You are clear to approach.
They've got a lot of firepower here.
Yeah. Looks like they hired the droid. Gacha. The huts take security seriously.
They've been the head of criminal enterprises for thousands of years.
They use violence and treachery to maintain control.
Be careful. You may be their guests.
But we are not safe.
[gunshots]
I am Mandalore. and she is the father of the Chichegi.
You are a miracle. Flusta.
I don't work for you. I work for the New Republic.
I'm told you can lead us to the Imperial Fugitive Commander Coyne.
Yes. Mandalore.
I understand your nephew Rada has been kidnapped.
Chichegi is not a premium. He is Chichoyangula.
Songoharitha.
Think of how you would feel if your little one went missing.
What does he look like? Do you have an image?
Zapa. How do you do the Tokyo Malilla?
He's a fezigropatopa.
Okay.
I'll rescue your nephew.
Where's it being held?
Ubachi's booking our country to Sakari.
It shall be done.
We're about to come out of hyperspace in the Shikari system.
To state the obvious. you are operating outside the jurisdiction of the New Republic.
If things get messy. I can't call in an X-Wing strike.
I know the drill.
Before going into harm's way. check your armor first.
It's got a fit snug so it doesn't slide.
But not so tight that it restricts your movement.
Got it?
How's that feel?
(ominous music)
(dramatic music)
- All right. Zep. drop us here.
- Yes.
- I'll take a flat-meat fry for the little one.
- Got it. okay. got it. got it.
Flat-meat fry. ain't it?
That's quite an impressive denomination. I'm not sure I got change for that.
You can keep the change. I'm new to these parts. I can use some information.
For this price I'll tell you whatever you want.
I'm looking for a hut.
Don't mention that name. Don't say that. What are you trying to get us both killed?
Here. keep the credits. Trued's on me. Go away.
Thank you. Okay. Never happened. Let's go. Nothing to see here.
Damn. man. Don't worry. Talking my gents is out in the open. What is this?
No. no. no. No. no. no. no. no. I don't want your credits because I didn't give you any information.
His name is Radha.
Really?
Something funny?
Yeah. Yeah. Everybody knows Radha's a hut.
That guy's a monster.
(crowd cheering)
He doesn't seem like a prisoner to me.
(engine revving)
One-O-One God.
Christopher?
I'm here to rescue you.
What makes you think I need rescuing?
Your aunt and uncle hired me to find you.
Yeah. I see. Well. thank you. but I don't require rescuing.
Tomorrow's the last match in my contract. and after that. my debt will be paid.
I'll be a free agent.
Paid to who?
Who's he?
Don't stare.
It's okay.
What's your name?
He doesn't talk.
Who do you have to pay?
Can I feed him?
Sure. who do you have to pay?
Lord Jadu. I don't know the name.
You should.
He runs the syndicant on all the moons of Shaqari.
He signed me to his stably bankroll. my board and training.
He keeps you in a cage.
He treats me well.
And after tomorrow night. I'll be my own man.
And with the following. he got me as a promoter.
Not only will my debt be paid. but I'll
be rich by the solstice.
Grogu. heal.
Don't worry.
I'm not my father.
You know how hard it is to be your own man when your father's job of the hut?
You see them cheering for me out there?
For me.
It's the first time I'm not living in his shadow.
That's why I fight in the pits.
They feared him. but they cheer for me.
So no.
I don't need to be rescued.
- Where can I find Lord Chownum?
- Thank you. close for the lights.
- What the hell are you thinking. damn Mandalorians?
Anduin. they didn't even come for me.
He's going around talking.
- Ah!
- I just wanna know where I can find Lord Jhanu.
- Don't say that.
Do not say that name.
Stop saying.
- I recommend you calm down.
- Just please. please don't kill me. don't kill me.
I got 12 little ones at home. smaller than him.
They're smaller.
Oh. yeah.
It's just. I pay him protection. okay?
We all do.
I barely make a living. to be honest.
but at least I'm alive.
- Who collects for him?
- I don't know. different people come in.
Sometimes they come here. sometimes I do a drop myself.
What do I know?
- Where?
- Where what?
- Where do you do the drops?
- I don't. sometimes I go down to different places.
Usually. sometimes I go to the salt bar
under Corvin station. and then there's other places
till you go to. you know. I go around.
No. I don't want it.
I don't want it.
I didn't give you any information. I was just talking.
- That's not for information.
It's to cover his tab.
(dramatic music)
I'm looking for Lord Jhanu.
Maybe you made a mistake.
Maybe you remember wrong and think you know me.
Maybe you just walked through the wrong door.
Well. I'm not here to buy salt.
Salt?
We don't sell salt.
It's on the ration.
How much for the solder. Candy?
Would look real pretty in a cage.
I'm here to see Lord Janu.
I won't repeat myself again.
[grunting]
It seems you've earned your salt today.
I'm Janneau.
Come to the back and pick out a crystal.
Hug's breath.
Have the boys clean up.
Make sure I don't miss any pets.
(Buzzer)
-Here. Choose one. -Salt is of no value to me where I'm from.
But here it's worth a small fortune. because it's rationed by the politicians.
which makes it rare. As are you. Mandalorian.
Are you ever considered fighting in the pits? -I try to avoid violence.
Of course you do. I do as well.
So what brings you to this establishment if you're not in the market for salt?
I want to buy out the contract on a fighter from your stable.
Perhaps you would consider joining my stable instead.
This buys a lot of salt where I'm from.
I'm offering you this in exchange for the fighting contract on Rod of the Hut.
My dear boy. there's no price high enough to buy him out of his last fights.
I've been grooming that little prince for many cycles. setting him up for tomorrow's match.
Take the credits.
It's his last fight for you. anyway.
It's his last fight ever.
I've collected the most deadly creatures from across the galaxy.
He's fighting a Decherich match?
Yes.
He will die tomorrow.
And a select few know it.
Here's my gift to you.
Take those credits.
Bet it all on the death of the Hut.
In exchange. all I ask is that you consider fighting in my pit.
The people of Shikari would pay any price to see the rarest of sights.
One of the legendary Mandalorian warriors engaging in blood sport.
They should more than cover our little misunderstanding out there.
All I ask is that you consider my offer.
You'll make us both very rich.
Looks like we're gonna have to do this the hard way.
(Growling)
- Tomorrow's my last fight. I'll be free after I win.
- The fix is in.
It's a DeJaric match.
He will keep throwing opponents at you until you die.
- Why should I believe you?
You were sent by my aunt and uncle who want me dead.
- They want you back.
You're embarrassing them.
- The twins want me dead because I'm heir to the throne.
not them. but I don't want it.
I don't wanna be anything like my father.
When I first started fighting. the people all booed me.
They wanted to see me die because I'm the son
of Jabba the Hutt.
Then I won and became a champion
and they slowly began to cheer.
They realized I'm not my father.
I'm my own man and I'm not afraid to fight for what I have.
to earn it. to prove myself to everyone.
- Kid. fighting's not a sport.
It's a last resort.
Now come with me before things get ugly.
- Guards. he's back!
(dramatic music)
- Get out.
Get out.
(coughing)
(dramatic music)
I
Don't want to fight you then you're in for a long day
You
I'll rescue you.
[MUSIC]
a yield.
Now you owe him his freedom.
Right on the hardest one.
Now he's free!
To die!
[MUSIC]
Our only chance is to work together.
(Gunshot)
(Grunts)
(laughing)
- Watch out for the little one.
- Yeah. I got this.
(groaning)
. oh. (groaning)
*Groans*
(yells)
- Oh.
- We should go now.
Now!
(dramatic music)
(crowd cheering)
Sorry. buddy. We're getting out of here.
I'm on the right. The VIX was in.
Let's get you out of here.
I'm gonna find us a ride.
I'm sorry. Mando. I can't go back.
(screaming)
- Zeb. I got a runner.
(dramatic music)
Okay. you got me. can't blame a guy for trying.
- We're about to jump to hyperspace.
- Where are you bringing me?
- It's not safe to keep you chained up.
If I unlock you. can we agree to know funny stuff?
- Are you bringing me to Nalhada?
- This is an old shit.
Sometimes things get a little bouncy.
- My aunt and uncle were scared of my father.
They've always been cruel to me.
Now that they control this criminal empire.
they need me eliminated.
You bring me to them. I'm a dead man.
- You don't know that.
- If you let me go. you'll never hear from me again.
- It's a big galaxy.
I can disappear.
- Sorry. kid.
I was hired to do a job.
- I don't know how you sleep at night.
working for those monsters.
- I don't work for them.
I work for the New Republic.
They hired me. not the twins.
When I bring you back for giving me the whereabouts
of Commander Coyne.
a high-ranking ex-imperial operating on the outer rim.
- It's Jonim.
- The man you're looking for is Jonim. Lord Jonu Coyne.
That's who the Huts are gonna give you.
He's ex-imperial.
- That can't be.
The twins would have told me.
- I saw Stormtroopers.
He brought me to his estate once to celebrate a big win
and there were Stormtroopers everywhere.
- If you don't believe me and you don't get them now.
you'll get another shot.
- In fact. it might already be too late.
- That's quite a story.
Why should I believe you?
- You're a bounty hunter.
You know when someone's lying.
My lie. or am I telling the truth?
That's it. That's Jhanu Coins compound.
Could be big boys telling the truth.
The place is lousy with stormtroopers.
How many did you see when you were in there?
A lot.
You're gonna need a lot of backup if you're actually thinking of going in.
Uh-huh.
Get word to all our foot soldiers on the dark side of Shikari.
I want eyes in the starboard and all the freight planes.
Lean on the mayor. nothing takes off all hands until we find them.
Master my personal security forces.
We're going to hit the streets in full armor.
I don't want to take any chances when it comes to the Mandalorian.
I've heard many things about those monsters.
It's all true.
Imperial Commander. John O'Coyne.
I'm here on behalf of the New Republic to bring you to justice.
I'm afraid we're outside of your jurisdiction.
Take him!
Is that faster than that?
(GUNSHOTS)
John!
(COUGHS)
Or I can bring you in cold.
(upbeat music)
(growling)
- Grogu.
Radha.
Radha. come in.
Does anyone read me?
(growling)
- I'm up.
I'm up.
- I need you to fire up the drives.
Fire up the drives. we have company.
- Received?
I don't know how to fly. do you know how to fly?
Neither of us know how to fly
and I can't even fit in the cockpit.
(dramatic music)
- Grogu. I need you to go to the control panel.
Remember the buttons I told you never to touch?
- I'm gonna need you to touch them.
Look for the ignition relay cut off.
It's next to the fuel differential readout.
which is between the pump compression gauge
and the primary reserve--
(guns firing)
- Whoa!
- No. don't touch the missile battery switch.
- That's why there's a safety guard on it.
Do you see the fuel readout display?
Remember I showed you that one?
- It's on the other side of the manual
control surface calibration--
(guns firing)
- I don't think he knows what he's doing.
(dramatic music)
(guns firing)
- Get out!
- Oh. snap!
(guns firing)
- Get going. they're shooting at you too!
- Whoa!
- Good job. buddy.
Strap in.
Take this. kid!
Come on. come on!
Get us out of atmosphere and jump!
Get up here!
I need you to bypass the exhaust restrictors.
This old junk is gonna get us killed.
I need more power. Disable the safety panels so I can override the limiter.
Ow! I'm a pilot. not a mech-neck!
Just rip out the whole brain board!
Everything okay up there?
Perfect.
I told you to strap in. Always wear your seatbelt.
Take it easy up there!
(dramatic music)
That doesn't look like a hut.
This is Imperial Commander John O'Coyne.
He's full of information and ready to sing like a yuzm.
Isn't that right. Coyne?
I demand an attorney be present if I'm to be questioned.
You see. he's full of secrets.
You were supposed to bring back Radda.
We had an arrangement for the twins.
This is your Ace of Staves.
This is who they were going to lead you to.
And then tip 'em off. sell you out. and collect credits from both sides.
Take 'em away.
Intelligence has been cultivating a relationship with the Huts for a very long time. and you crossed them.
The twins can hold a grudge.
I made a call. I got you the big prize. The twins can rot in hell.
Were you missed out on them paying you a big bounty for their nephew?
So be it.
Well. I'll see if I can hit up command for a fee for the capture of Goyne.
Don't worry about it. It's on me. This one got messy. I'm taking a break.
I understand.
Mando.
- Good job.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
We're gonna pull the restrictor plates.
The first one should be just past the return line.
That's it.
There should be three more.
(roaring)
(phone ringing)
Thanks for coming.
I'm looking to make some performance modifications.
I need to cut out dead weight for speed.
Pull out anything that doesn't make her go.
Hey!
Heal.
Stay.
I perched the fuel lines.
I want to remove all the restrictors and unplug the exhaust.
Bye!
You want to go help them?
Do you promise to play nice?
Alright.
Go.
Don't worry about him.
Little guy's gonna be okay.
Sorry. found these in your kitchen.
I was alone when I was his age. and I had to fend for myself.
He's lucky he has you.
Well. you didn't turn out half bad.
Hmm. life's messy. but we do the best we can.
Listen. I called the gun runner who agreed to take you out of the system.
We both know the twins will be looking for you. so you best keep moving.
Thank you. Mando.
It was a fair trade.
Make sure you lay low.
I don't want to see your name on my list again.
You have my word.
All right. you take care of yourself. little guy.
And keep an eye on your old man. too. all right?
Here you go.
Hang on to these for me.
I would save the rest of these for after dinner.
(thunder rumbling)
(growling)
Wake up. there's someone out there. quiet. get under the floor.
Dear. if I signal. get out.
(groaning)
(eerie music)
(yells)
(screams)
- It coming. it coming!
(yells)
(thunder rumbling)
(speaking in foreign language)
(upbeat music)
(groaning)
(grunting)
Let him go.
(baby crying)
Hey. you hungry?
You want a treat?
Here you go.
Good girl.
Come on. come on.
Who hired you?
Was it the Hudson?
Well. if it was the huts. I'd make sure they're paying you what you're worth.
But I'm guessing Akuso is smart enough to get their money up front.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Don't be scared. don't be scared. it's okay. come on. let's go.
(speaking in foreign language)
- Big guy is inside there.
We've got to go and find him and bring him home for the baby.
(upbeat music)
Mendoza is in the palace.
Big bite. huh?
Good job. baby.
I'm gonna be shining. Malibra.
Broke our agreement. Now you must pay. Kuslali Rotteto.
Still. priceless on the black market.
But what even lore is knowing we have shamed you forever.
We know the men lorry creed. You'll be outcast for letting an enemy see your face.
Not if you all die.
It will bring us ecstasy to watch your strong spirit break.
You did this to him. Ratha would have died painlessly. but you betrayed us. now you will
suffer for centuries. You see. hearts live for hundreds of years. just like your small. green child. One day you will die and Gorobu will be without you to protect him. and then it will be his turn to suffer.
(water splashing)
*Gasps*
(grunting)
(audience applauding)
(thunder rumbling)
(screaming)
Grand Chayunya. Votar Kosteva.
Red Red.
(roaring)
(laughing)
(speaking in foreign language)
(dramatic music)
Get out. go!
You okay?
-How did you get here? -Now we gotta check that way!
(speaking in foreign language)
- Okay. let's see what's going on.
(dramatic music)
- Faster to school!
- It's ready!
Go. kid. I can't fit in that thing. but you have to leave.
Don't worry. I'll be right behind you.
Go. now. I'll hold them off.
(barking)
(baby cooing)
(dramatic music)
(birds chirping)
(upbeat music)
(water splashing)
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Me thinks you are the one who stole my fish.
I'm guessing you're not from around here.
More so like you should be more careful. You look to be the bottom of the now hud her food chain
I'm surprised you haven't found your way to the hud supper table
You heard of the huts have you are you scared
You should be they would swallow you whole given half a chance
Make yourself scarce.
Hey. get away from my fish.
Kaibu!
Hunter says you have a partner.
Says you two escaped the twins.
Well. that's impressive.
says your partner's hurt real bad. bit by a dragon snake. poisoned.
I want you to feed this to him.
Now you should know this might be too little. too late.
And there's a good chance he doesn't wake up.
Either way. the best thing you can do right now is make him comfortable.
There comes a time where we all have to say goodbye.
I wish you luck. small traveler.
(soft music)
(gentle music)
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Thank you. though.
The old protect the young. and then the young protect the old.
This is the way.
Now how do we get off this planet?
That's the gun runner that was carrying Rada.
(dramatic music)
(Gunshots)
(grunting)
(eerie music)
well kid the way i see it we got two choices we can use this ship get off world
that might buy us some time a little bit of peace but the huts will keep coming for us
just like they came for rata
So do we run?
Or do we fight?
Oh. no.
That's a dope. eat the throa dope.
Follow my lead.
(engine revving)
Or me.
(dramatic music)
(gurgling)
(gunfire)
(upbeat music)
(gagging)
I'm going to kill you all!
Yes. commander.
Agua. wiki. cheeesta.
Go help Rana.
Chaya. Mullira.
Bajo dasa.
Ula Krista.
Aca uno.
You saw my face.
Agua.
Now it's time to die.
(guns firing)
(upbeat music)
(creaking)
Leave him alone!
(groaning)
(speaking in foreign language)
- Don't run no cocky walla!
(dramatic music)
(growling)
(bell dinging)
(dramatic music)
[MUSIC PLAYING]
(grunting)
(growling)
(singing in foreign language)
(screaming)
(explosion)
(speaking in foreign language)
much time we have to get out of here they're another way out I think it's
that way go go
(guns firing)
(Growling)
(glass shattering)
- Hello?
- Mando. we came back.
- What?
- We came back.
- We told you we were.
(dramatic music)
- Adilphi Squadron. entering atmosphere.
- What's your status. Mando?
- We're under attack.
- There are too many.
- Fire everything you have at my location.
- Your location?
- Yes. my location.
- I can't give that order.
- Don't worry.
We'll be out of here by the time you do.
- Good luck.
- Blue leader to Squadron.
- Assume defensive formation prepared to engage.
- All weapons hot.
- Copy that.
(dramatic music)
- Let's see back there.
- Enemy fighters approaching.
- Here they come.
(dramatic music)
(gun firing)
(laughing)
(dramatic music)
- Turbo lasers up ahead.
- Got it.
(dramatic music)
I got you!
checking out the launch tubes.
Blue leader to red jammer. Mark it and lock it in.
Locking in target.
It's dead end!
We're trapped!
Stand back.
Closing fast repeat. We're closing fast. You better be out of there Mando jump
That's a long way down
Closing on target
We got a jump. It's a bomber jump. Let's light up this swamp
(screaming)
(water splashing)
Anybody got eyes on Mando?
There they are.
Sam. go collect the trash.
- I'm getting a little tired of these hot extractions.
- What took you so long?
(laughs)
- Hop in.
- Let's head home.
(dramatic music)
- Colonel?
- Messy.
Very messy.
- Why'd you come for me?
That wasn't part of the mission.
- You were right.
Coine told us everything.
The twins were playing us.
feeding information to the Empire all along.
They picked a side. it wasn't ours.
Besides. we don't leave our own behind.
- I'm an independent contractor.
- Sure. Mando.
Sure you are.
Can I give you a ride somewhere?
Actually. I was thinking I could stay here.
Maybe work for the New Republic.
Don't take this the wrong way. but...
I'm not sure you would fit in.
You know...
I might have a uniform that would fit him.
Come on.
Let me buy you a drink.
Thank you. Mendo.
Oh. you big time.
Just doing my job.
Keep an eye on him.
Your dad's one of the good ones.
(water splashing)
Yeah. that's it!
Come on. big guy!
First round is on me!
Hey kid. come up here.
Your turn.
Go ahead.
(upbeat music)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm